MINOR: CSS missing ALT attributes (#19301)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/gradient/radial-gradient/index.md

### Composition of a radial gradient

> ![Graph explaining radial gradients: the virtual radiant ray is horizontal starting from the mid point. The elliptal gradient, and therefore the ending shape, has the same aspect ratio as the box upon which it is declared.](radial_gradient.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Graph explaining radial gradients: the virtual radiant ray is horizontal starting from the midpoint. The elliptical gradient, and therefore the ending shape, has the same aspect ratio as the box upon which it is declared.](radial_gradient.png)
```
